we're on a hill on the edges of Israel
and this group of young men is looking
towards the horizon and if you have a
look there you might be able to see some
smoke stacks those are in Israel but if
you keep looking left and keep going
you'll start to see a builtup area full
of crowded buildings that is Gaza right
on the Mediterranean coast and that is
where the Israeli Army has been carrying
out its air strikes in recent days
Palestinian militant groups have fired
more than 100 Rockets from Gaza towards
Israel some have been fired towards
ashalon but other Rockets have been
fired in this direction towards the town
of
stot and many people at the moment are
deciding to stay off the streets they've
got bomb shelters they've got protected
areas and people we've spoken to in the
town say that they want the Israeli Army
to act hard against Hamas